`Front End Editor`

FEE can be used to edit either Pages or Posts on the front-end of the site.

Users should have privilege to edit posts.

`How to Use:`
When you are on Font End of the site and logged you can see `Edit Page` button in
the admin bar navigation on the top.

On Clicking `Edit page` or `Edit in Page` in drop down you can start editing page.

If you wish to edit in Back End editor click on `Edit in admin panel` button.

To save changes click on `Update` or `Save Draft` button.

Publish changes by clicking on `Publish` button.

Stop editing by clicking on `Cancel` button. On clicking `Cancel` button lock will be released in 155 seconds else lock will be released on moving out of the page because of inactivity.

Any time you can go to Back-end editor to continue editing from there.

To add `Media/Page Breaks/Line/Read More` in the content keep place the cursor where you want to insert and hit enter key then you will see `Add Block` which navigates you to them. 

When some one is editing a page/post and you try to edit you will be prompted
with `Go Back` `Preview` and `Take Over`. On Clicking taking over other user
will be alerted. There may be a delay of 15 seconds for this alert to be displayed to other user.

While editing an autosave of the content will be taken place every 15 seconds.

```
Note: When creating a new post/page using FEE make sure to update the slug if the
autogenerated one is of just 4 digits as it will be conflicting with wordpress
rewrite rules.
```

If you found a bug or if you have ideas, add them to [the GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/avryl/wp-front-end-editor/issues/new). We’ll also keep a list of tasks there.

[WordPress Plugin](http://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-front-end-editor/)
[Features as Plugins Tracking](http://make.wordpress.org/core/features-as-plugins/)
[Make WordPress UI Posts](http://make.wordpress.org/ui/tag/front-end-editor/)
